Add `Optional` type (#86)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`SetOptional`](source/set-optional.d.ts) - Create a type that makes the given keys optional.
- [`SetRequired`](source/set-required.d.ts) - Create a type that makes the given keys required.
- [`PromiseValue`](source/promise-value.d.ts) - Returns the type that is wrapped inside a `Promise` type.

> - [`Optional`](source/optional.d.ts) - Makes a type optional. Allows a type to be `undefined`, but not `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`Optional`](source/optional.d.ts) - Makes a type optional, allowing it to be `undefined`, but not `null`.
```

?

Reviewer: And let's move it below `Mutable`. It's a very useful type.
